- what are streams in iostream lib?

A stream is an abstraction representing a continuous flow of data byte-by-byte between your program and external devices.

Input Stream: Data flows from an external device (e.g., keyboard) into the program's main memory.

Output Stream: Data flows out from the program's main memory to an external device (e.g., monitor).

- what are namespaces?

namespace is a container used to organize identifiers like variables,
functions and classes. It helps in prevention of naming conflict when
same names are used in different part of a program.

- memory allocation : in c++ allocate using new operator to allocate a specific amount of data.
to destroy it use delete operator

- in OOP:

classes names the variable they have as properties,
while functions are named as methods.

by default these are specified as private , you can change it to either public or protected.

specifiers are:

public: anyone can either read or write on the class members.
private: no one can either read or write on the class members.
protected: no one can either read or write on the class members except the inhereted classes.

to interact with private properties or methods implement setter and getter functions(best practice).

when you create an object of a class the first thing will be called is constructor,
by default there is one clalled but its empty so you can create one by using class name ex. A(),
you can create multiple constructors with formal parameters as you like.

- polymorphism : modify the behavior or content of a method or property without touching the main behavior.
has 2 types :
1) ex. void displayinfo() , this function can be defined in a class(use 'virtual' to tell that
its gonna be changed lated) ,

then a child inherit this class with this method but its behavior has to change according
to the child new properties to be displayed so you can change the body of it inside 
the child without messing with the parent body using 'override' operator. (overriding).

note : in some cases the code works even without 'virtual' and 'override' keywords but,
the issue explained here: https://youtu.be/07AC2Syf4Yg?t=15818 
